# Push_swap

## Description
Push_swap is a program that sorts a stack of integers using a specific set of operations. It takes a list of integers as an argument and displays the smallest list of instructions required to sort the stack in ascending order.

## Usage
```
./push_swap <list of integers>
```

- The stack is formatted as a list of integers, where the first argument is at the top of the stack.
- Instructions are separated by a newline character ('\n').
- If no parameters are specified, the program will not display anything and return to the prompt.

## Instructions
The program uses the following set of operations to manipulate the stacks:

- `sa`: Swap the first two elements at the top of stack A. (Do nothing if there is only one or no elements)
- `sb`: Swap the first two elements at the top of stack B. (Do nothing if there is only one or no elements)
- `ss`: `sa` and `sb` at the same time.
- `pa`: Push the first element at the top of stack B to stack A. (Do nothing if stack B is empty)
- `pb`: Push the first element at the top of stack A to stack B. (Do nothing if stack A is empty)
- `ra`: Rotate all elements of stack A up by one. The first element becomes the last one.
- `rb`: Rotate all elements of stack B up by one. The first element becomes the last one.
- `rr`: `ra` and `rb` at the same time.
- `rra`: Reverse rotate all elements of stack A down by one. The last element becomes the first one.
- `rrb`: Reverse rotate all elements of stack B down by one. The last element becomes the first one.
- `rrr`: `rra` and `rrb` at the same time.

## Error Handling
- If there are any errors, such as non-integer arguments, arguments exceeding the integer limit, or duplicate numbers, the program will display an error message: "Error\n".

## Example
```
$> ./push_swap 2 1 3 6 5 8
sa
pb
pb
pb
sa
pa
pa
pa
```

## Testing
During the evaluation process, a binary named `checker_OS` will be provided to check the correctness of the program's output. It works as follows:
```
$> ARG="4 67 3 87 23"; ./push_swap $ARG | wc -l
6
$> ARG="4 67 3 87 23"; ./push_swap $ARG | ./checker_OS $ARG
OK
```

If the `checker_OS` program displays "KO," it means that the list of instructions generated by `push_swap` does not sort the numbers correctly.